So we're working with data and that's all working great.
But we noticed that our store is not in sync with the data on the server because we're only fetching
new data from the server.
When we reload the page or with a db for the first time we're not doing it when we added it of course
one way to solve this would be to always use async data in all the pages.
But then we have a longer loading times.
So the more elegant way could be to manipulate our store if we add a new post.
We want to add it to the story if we edit a post we want to edit it in the store so he can go to our
store index j us fall and add some mutations like to add posts much mutation where I get to post as
a payload and added post mutation rate gets the edited post as a payload.
Now in edit post I want to replace an existing post with the updated version.
So first of all find the index of the existing post in the loaded POST array all name and post index
and I get it by reaching out to state loaded posts and using the find index method.
This will search desiré for a given post and determine the index of that.
Now for that we need to pass a function to find the index which will run on every post in the array.
Defunct returns true if it is supposed I was looking for and returns false otherwise.
So here I will simply check if the post I'm looking at India rate has an ID.
We do add the ID here when we store the posts in the state.
So if it has an ID that matches the ID of the edited post.
So here are also the id property that is my matching condition and if this returns True I found the
post I was looking for.
That is to post editing and then I return the index and store it in the post index constant.
With that post index constant I can reach out to loaded posts X-ists d element at dead ID at that index
so post index and set it equal to edit that post.
With this approach and replacing an element in the array with a new element in at post I will reach
out to state loaded posts and push my post onto it that's all.
With that I got the mutations.
Now we need the actions Aleta and post action where I expect to get the Buick's context of course and
the posts which should be added and will add added posts action variables to get the context and the
edited post.
Let's say now in both actions I want to commit my mutations.
It's also not uncommon to execute the async code in here though so we could go to the index that you
fall into in your post folder and copy the access code here and put it into the store so we could go
to add posts to the action we just created and entered a code here.
X is already imported so we can use it here.
Now I will change it a bit though.
The object I'm sending to the back end of.
Pull it out and store it in a new constant so that they can then send is constant here with the post
request and also use it in the then blocked or after ones were done.
Because of this this new created POAs that I want to add to my store so I can use view X. context commit
and commit ad post with the created post object.
Now the problem will be that created post of course has an ID which is assigned by the backend.
The good thing is that result we get here will hold that ID so we can create a new object.
Your Verby take the properties of the created post and then add a new id property which comes from rest
data.
That is the field X-ists gives us to get the response data.
And there will be a name field that is provided by firebase and that will be the ID that was created
automatically.
With that I'm storing data in that post in our local store to sauted if we later x' it or edited we
can get it.
Bited ID now accessing the router won't work like this.
But what we can do is we can actually return this post promise this change here and in new post we now
simply no longer use x.
Yes but I access my store and dispatch an action the ad post-action I passed my posted data and since
I returned it I can also change then here to be informed when this async action is finished because
I'm returning the promise from my store.
This is actually possible.
And then once I'm done here I execute this arrow function where I get no argument but where I push back
to the Admin Page let's try this out.
Let's go back to our running application and let's reload the admin page and here let's create a new
post by me Maximillian.
It's some test at the pump link.
We all know and love this is just testing.
If it works and doesn't work as our preview text Let's click save.
And we're instantly redirected and we get an error that host data is not defined in store at post.
So does Aeros coming from our store at post post.
Data is not defined yet.
We just named it post.
The argument is just post.
So sorry about that let's change it.
Let's then reload the page and let's try again.
Maximillian doesn't work.
The link doesn't work now.
Actually a couple of question marks and this looks good.
Well almost I get rest is not defined here and I still only see the new post if I reload the page at
least waiting for the action to complete work.
But the rest didn't work.
Regarding the error I have a dumb mistake in the ADD post action return result and here I try to access
recit data.
It should be a result.
Data of course.
So let's save this and let's try it again.
Let's create a new post here.
Just testing.
Enter the thumbnail link.
Testing this thing and just a couple of dots and lets it save.
And now this looks much better.
We immediately got the new post here that's now achieve the same for editing in the edit post action.
I also want to perform the age to dippie request so I will grab the code from the index that you follow
in the post ID folder in the Edmon area and it will added into my added post action.
I will also return it so that we can wait for it to finish and handle that redirection here which I'll
cut from the store in the page.
So hearable again.
Justis dollar signs store dispatch added post and pastie edit that post here.
And once this is done and then block I will execute my erro function where I simply push back to admin.
So I am dispatching the edit post to action then passing the edited post.
That means that in the edit post action where we get the edited post I of course need to forward it
to my backend However accessing distraught parents won't work anymore.
This isn't the issue though because the post idea is also stored in the edited post.
We can't just access edited posts Id we're having them in the database or we're storing it in the store
when we're fetching data from the backend.
So this works here in the then block.
I now want to update my local store by calling you X context commit and by committing the edit post
mutation and passing the edited post we're getting here.
With that let's try that out too.
If we go back to our application load this post with the many question marks and I edited with Preview
text that is real preview text.
If I now save this still only the question marks and if I have a look at firebase itself.
You see here I stored a new undefined object so actually we didn't target the right ID.
Now the problem of course is that in edit post action I said that we could simply take the ID we're
sending the request to from the edited post but this is actually not correct because we're fetching
the post here in admin posts Id with async data and the posts we get back from firebase.
If you have a look at them doesn't have an ID field.
We add that manually when we add posts to our store but then on the other hand we're not getting the
edited posts from the store.
We're getting them directly from the server.
So to fix this.
We can simply do is where we store our loaded posts here.
We can of course also store the ID by creating a new object when we pull out the properties of the post
we got from the server and then manually adding Does ID field which stores context parents post ID they
ID of the post we loaded with this approach.
Now we can go back to our page and now we can successfully edit this.
Some real preview.
If I had saved now you see some real preview here.
So this is now working.
And now we're having a store where we are able to edit and add posts without having to fetch new data
from the server and still we show up to date data to the user's.